---
layout: post_single
headImage: /img/2013-08-12-ashland/lumberYardCamp800.jpg
title: Ashland
type: text
---

August 12, 2013
=================

Day 6 evening. <br>
Put off by the prospect of two fulls days without moving forward I was quick to hop back on
the bike. The sea caves were fun but I knew I would be restless if I camped in Bayfield another 
night. 

A couple hours later; tired, restless despite pushing forward, and with the sun starting to set, I resigned 
to find a camping spot in Ashland Wisconsin. With about 8000 residents, Ashland 
is bigger than most of the towns I pass through, with something of an industrial jobs base and a corresponding 
share of saloons. I pedaled around until I found a suitable spot to camp then went to the lakeside park 
to prepare dinner and wait for dark. 

Soon after sitting down a man approached me saying he'd seen me passing through before. Something
he said suggested he was on the road as well and I asked him if he was bike touring. His reply: 'Well, let's 
just say I'm packing.' 

Q was tall, 30's, from the Bronx with narrow dreadlocks and a bright red backpack the size and weight of a twelve year old. 
Bungied on were tarps, pads, a duffle just for his kitchen gear. Water bottles dangled from the side. 
He was indeed packing. He said he'd been on the road on and off for years, described it as a calling,
and offered me the second half of his pizza. I joined him for dinner and he told me stories of hiking and 
hitching across America. 

We shared a laugh when we discovered we had both scouted the same hiding spot to camp that
night. Across from the Walmart in the undergrowth between the abandoned factory and the lumber yard. 
'How strange,' I said, 'to be invisible but in plain view, to live in the spaces most people don't 
even notice.' Q agreed. 'Some people call it the gray areas but I like to think of it as living 
in full color and it's everyone else who lives in the gray, because they have blinders on.'

<div class="divider">---------------------</div>

Soon the sun was down and I headed off to set up my tent. Just as I was unloading my bike though I heard 
car tires in the gravel above me and froze. The car stopped, its door opened. Silence. There was someone 
20 feet away. But what were they doing? I listened. Nothing. For minutes paranoid thoughts played in my head. 
Finally I just went about setting up--quietly--and got into bed. Not long after, the car pulled out and left. 

Relieved after a moment of fear, I thought about Q's assessment of living in full color. Bullshit, I thought, 
anyone who lives like this isn't merely discontented, they're running 
from something, concealing injury. Who willingly chooses to live with such fears when they have a better
option?

But then again, I thought, these experiences *are* part of the full spectrum of life. Do we all 
have blinders on? And why is it *I* keep coming back looking for more? 
